Add js AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter and test (#13)
jongio/azidext: README.md

Once you have the `.env` file configured, run the test using JUnit 5 runner.

> ## Js

Reviewer: Please change to TypeScript

> ### DefaultAzureCredentialAdapter.ts

Reviewer: Please rename to AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter and update all associated files and content to match that new name.  Thanks.

> The `DefaultAzureCredentialAdapter` class provides a simple bridge to use `DefaultAzureCredential` from `@azure/` package name in `azure-` SDKs. This is a convenient mechanism to authenticate all fluent Azure Management Resources and a some data plane SDKs that use `ServiceClientCredential` family of credentials.

Reviewer: I don’t think we need the word Fluent here

To use this type, just copy `DefaultAzureCredentialAdapter.ts`, `package.json`, and `tsconfig.json` file located in `js` directory into your application and install packages in `package.json`.

After you have created this type, you can reference it in your code as shown below:

```TypeScript
# Example for azure-mgmt-keyvault client
const cred = new DefaultAzureCredentialAdapter();
const client = new KeyVaultManagementClient(cred, subscriptionId);
```

> The above code will provide an instance of `KeyVaultManagementClient` from which you can access the Key Vault service..

Reviewer: Remove extra period at end.

Reword: The above code will instantiate an Azure.Identity compatible TokenCredential object based on DefaultAzureCredential and pass that to the KeyVaultManagement client instance.

#### Testing DefaultAzureCredentialAdapter

This repository has a test that gets an existing Key Vault in a given resource group.

To run this test, ensure you have `.env` file created and accessible from the root of your repo. Your `.env` file should have the following properties set:

- AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID

> - AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME

Reviewer: Update these names to match what is in .env.tmp.  See my other comment for correct names.

> - AZURE_EXSIT_KEY_VAULT_NAME

Reviewer: Correct the spelling.

that accepts ServiceClientCredentials from packages like `@azure/arm-*` or `@azure/ms-rest-*`. 

To use this type, just copy `azureIdentityCredentialAdapter.ts`, `package.json`, and `tsconfig.json` file located in `js` directory into your application and install packages in `package.json`.

After you have created this type, you can reference it in your code as shown below:

```TypeScript
# Example for azure-mgmt-resource client
const cred = new AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter();
const client = new ResourceManagementClient(cred, subscriptionId);
```

The above code will instantiate an Azure.Identity compatible TokenCredential object based on DefaultAzureCredential and pass that to the ResourceManagementClient instance.

#### Testing AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter

This repository has a test that creates a resource group in a given subscription.

To run this test, ensure you have `.env` file created and accessible from the root of your repo. Your `.env` file should have the following properties set:

- AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID
- AZURE_TENANT_ID
- AZURE_CLIENT_ID
- AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET

Install the test dependencies using npm under the path of `package.json`.

```

> npm i

Reviewer: I had to also run `npm i -g mocha` in order for this to work.  You too?

### AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter.ts

> The `AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter` class provides a simple bridge to use `AzureCredential` from `@azure/` package name in `azure-` SDKs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AzureIdentityCredentialAdapter` class provides a simple bridge to use a `TokenCredential` based credential from `@azure/` package name in `azure-` SDKs. 
```

Reviewer 2: @jongio looks like the version your are reviewing is not the latest version. Can you review the latest version?

Reviewer: Yeah, that one comment isn't valid. The rest are.
